In this lecture, I will explain you the flow of exactly what happened
when we ran our test
maximize this, we are using spring junit for class runner here
with against the run with annotation here so spring junit for runner
will use this configuration file
because we have used the @context configuration  we told the
spring junit  class runner that we use the
configuration file so it will go in here
it knows which packages to scan
it will scan through those packages
and go through the DAO impl
will create an instance of the DAO since we have marked it with @component
then when it hits the service impl
it will create an instance of this service impl as well and it will inject
since we have marked the DAO
the dependency with auto wide it will inject the dependency into the  service impl
through the setter injection
and it will also inject this service impl into our
test itself because we have used the auto-wide annotation again
so this service impl here wll be injected
then it will call the setup method annotation because we have marked it with @before annotation
the setup method will kickin all the
mockito annotations it will tell mockito to initialize all the mocks
and it will scan through, mockito will now scan through
this instance since it sees the mockiot API here or the mock annotation here
it will mock the DAO then it will see the inject mocks it will
inject the stubbed out or mocked out DAO
into the service that was injected by spring
then you know the flow simply it calls the test
wherein we are stubbing out the method on this mocked out object
and we are verifying the results.